I will start apologizing if my english is not well written as it's not my native language.
I'm a brazilian CS student and I have some background in mobile development and requirements/tests analysis.

The main languages used until now in my grad is C and Java, but I also know Javascript, some Ojective-C/Swift, QT/QML, C++ and C#.

I used to work at a lab in my grad school that deals with Software Engineering (Laboratório de Engenharia de Software, LES@PUC-Rio).
There I worked creating documentation for some systems developed by LES and TecGraf (another lab @ PUC-Rio) to Petrobras.
I also did a lot of tests on these systems, mainly manual testing, but also some unit testing using Java.

I also worked at BlackBerry in a TechCenter created by them inside LES in Rio de Janeiro. We were a small team of selected students and had no previous
knowledge in mobile development. We started from scratch with a little support given by them.
At the start we used PhoneGap to develop an educational game, I also ported some Android games developed in Adobe Air to BlackBerry10.
We also developed a native application using Cascades, which consists of 3 layers: C++, Javascript and QT. It was actually very pleasing to work
on the BB10 platform because QT is easy to learn and I already knew JavaScript.

At the end of the contract with BlackBerry, me and the rest of the team continued to work at the lab with mobile development using another name:
Mobile Dev Group. We've gotten a contract with a small startup creating an app to catch rides. It was going to be developed by another company
using native iOS, but they also wanted Android and possibly BlackBerry.
Their code was a mess and was not documented, so as a small team we decided to reboot it all as web app using Ionic. At this time I was also
managing the group, so I was not only coding, but had to deal with coordination of the team, the tasks and etc.

As of now I am going to start working at another small company doing their back-end and I need to know ruby on rails to develop it.

By curiosity I also had contact with NodeJS, AngularJS (MVC), ASP.net and also got to play with Arduino using Java via Processing.

I think the transferable skills I have that will assist me is: previous knowledge in programming and the desire to learn new coding skills
